state: 0 next state 7 correct action HtoL: True
state: 1 next state 4 correct action HtoL: False
state: 2 next state 8 correct action HtoL: True
state: 3 next state 17 correct action HtoL: True
state: 4 next state 1 correct action HtoL: True
state: 5 next state 3 correct action HtoL: True
state: 6 next state 17 correct action HtoL: False
state: 7 next state 1 correct action HtoL: True
state: 8 next state 0 correct action HtoL: True
state: 9 next state 4 correct action HtoL: True
state: 10 next state 19 correct action HtoL: True
state: 11 next state 15 correct action HtoL: False
state: 12 next state 10 correct action HtoL: True
state: 13 next state 6 correct action HtoL: True
state: 14 next state 19 correct action HtoL: True
state: 15 next state 3 correct action HtoL: True
state: 16 next state 19 correct action HtoL: True
state: 17 next state 1 correct action HtoL: True
state: 18 next state 6 correct action HtoL: True
state: 19 next state 4 correct action HtoL: True
num of correct actions: 17 num of wrong actions: 3
